well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about what
we can learn from my son
and habanero depp last year
he was four and
there were a couple of us sitting around
and we were eating habanero dip
and kept saying wanted some
like now now you really don't
and he keeps going back and forth with
us
eventually stomping his feet saying he
wants some
no you you really don't
and eventually he he grabs a chip
dips it in real quick and stuffs it in
his mouth
ignoring everybody who's
actually experienced it
everybody who's seen it
a split second later he realized
it wasn't what he wanted
but it didn't matter the burning did not
stop
immediately it didn't matter how much
water he drank or bread he ate or
how he tried to distract himself
he felt it
i want you to picture hearing something
on the six o'clock news
picture hearing about a country where
there's a public health crisis
150 000 gone the regime's leadership
does not
care they're not really acting hospitals
can't get what they need
the security services in the country
they have a history of oppressing an
ethnic minority
and right now they're out in the street
wearing masks
looking like soldiers stuffing people
into vans
it's so bad that the u.n is tweeting
advice
about how not to go too far
the discontent
levels of unemployment
maybe evictions are
incredibly high and that's led to
competing groups being in the street
armed
the regime's leadership and his less
than capable family
don't seem to care they're golfing
and they really only seem interested in
what they can extract
from the country the wealth they can get
out of it
if you heard this storyline and it
wasn't the usa
with some backwards place let's call it
a suicide
you know what would be next first we'd
start hearing uh
little tidbits about the hard
industrious
people of a suicide and
how how they're a lot like
us trying to get us to identify with
them
because we know the next step is seeing
us soldiers
load onto c-130s and all of us being
told to support the troops as they go to
spread democracy and bring freedom and
all of that
the administration is running
ads right now talking about joe biden's
america
what's going to happen under joe biden
but it's all happening now and just like
in one of those other countries that's
nothing like the united states
the regime leadership is so out of touch
with the average person in their country
and think so little of them they don't
believe that people are going to realize
joe biden's america is happening now
over this weekend and the weekend isn't
even over yet
there were at least three different
incidents
that could have been that unintentional
thing that takes this to the next level
and the weird part is there are people
on social media
that seem to be advocating for it seem
to think that's a good idea
even though anyone who's ever gotten a
taste of it
is telling them now this is what you
want
eventually somebody's going to grab a
chip
and when it happens
there won't be enough water or bread and
circuses
to put out the fire to stop the burning
not immediately it's going to have to go
on
see in the united states we're so
insulated from stuff like this
hasn't happened here in so long
and we're not close enough to any
country where it's really
occurred before and we don't pay
attention to what goes on in other
nations anyway
so we only have this movie image
of what stuff like that what it's like
that's how we picture it the reality is
it is not a two-hour story arc
where the good guy wins at the end
there's no glory in it there's no comic
relief
it's just bad
and if this happens
it's a six year commitment
everybody thinks their side's gonna win
it's unconventional it's irregular
no clue who's gonna win it
probably wouldn't be any of the groups
that are formed
now because just like in every other
country where it has ever happened
the initial groups rarely make it
through
they shift shifting alliances
shifting groups groups merging
goals changing the entire time because
after about the first year
all anybody really wants is stability
i understand that people are upset
there's a lot of discontent and there's
a lot of fear
i get that
but listen to those who have had the dip
before
you don't want this you do not want this
this administration is dragging
us and pushing us towards something we
cannot come back from
simply for their own political advantage
because they think it's going to help
them
it won't it won't
because if this weekend taught us
anything instead if this goes too far
they're not going to have to worry about
a reel action
because once these things start six-year
commitment
there is no good guy there is no glory
there is no happy ending to any of this
that militant talk it's all cool sounds
good
until you until you have the chip in
your hand
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good
y'all have a good day